Why pretend
that we don't know
CEO's are the disease

Fredom is raped
by war like whore
Technology, technology,
technology of materialism
Personal freedom
only an obstruction
Fredom is raped
by war like whore
Technology, technology,
technology of materialism
Personal freedom
only an obstruction

Why pretend
that we don't know
CEO's are the disease

Fuck let's figure it out
no bullshit
Fuck let's figure it out
no bullshit
Fuck let's figure it out
Fuck let's figure it out

Fredom is raped
by war like whore
Technology, technology,
technology of materialism
Personal freedom
only an obstruction

Fuck let's figure it out
no bullshit
Fuck let's figure it out
no bullshit
Fuck let's figure it out
Fuck let's figure it out

Fredom is raped
by war like whore
Technology, technology,
technology of materialism
Personal freedom
only an obstruction

Why pretend
that we don't know
CEO's are the disease
Why pretend
that we don't know
CEO's are the disease

Control ordinary behavior
trought political extremism
Industrial society is the
arch enemy of nature

Including human nature
the unthinking majority
Should just not be
Condemned, condemned.

CEO's are the disease
CEO's are the disease
Why pretend
that we don't know
CEO's are the disease
CEO's are the disease
CEO's are the disease

Fuck let's figure it out