Father, it's time
Have a heart for your
child who cries in pain
Not a new sign
But a strike that'll
blow those fools away
Open your eyes
If you've got any you
just look for too long
a time
They spit on your name
Doin' everything
darnned as highest
crime

They believe they could
walk on the water
Playin 'Godsleep with
the devils' daughter
Killed your son and
might kill mine
But you don't mind

Why, Lord, why
Tell me why
In these lonely days
I'd need your answer
There's a reason why

How could you fail?
Still it's time, turn
the black into the light
Why do you wait?
Do you look down and
laugh at what you find?

Can't you see they are
mistreating their
daughters
They believe they could
walk on the waters
They killed your son
and might kill mine
But you don't mind

Why, Lord, why
Tell me why
In these lonely days
I'd need your answer
There's a reason why

Why, Lord, why
Tell me why
Your the only light
forever lasting
Tell me father, why

Why, Lord, why
Tell me why
In these lonely days
I'd need your answer
There's a reason why

Why, Lord, why
Tell me why
Your the only light
forever lasting
Tell me father, why

Father it's time
Father it's time ...